docs: stream aggregation updated structure, added common mistakes section (#6777)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/stream-aggregation/key-concepts.md

The data processing order is the following:
1. All the received data is [relabeled](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent#relabeling) according to 
   specified `-remoteWrite.relabelConfig`;
2. All the received data is [deduplicated](#deduplication)
   according to specified `-streamAggr.dedupInterval`;
3. All the received data is aggregated according to specified `-streamAggr.config`;
4. The resulting data from p1 and p2 is then replicated to each `-remoteWrite.url`;
5. Data sent to each `-remoteWrite.url` can be additionally relabeled according to the 
   corresponding `-remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` (set individually per URL);
6. Data sent to each `-remoteWrite.url` can be additionally deduplicated according to the
   corresponding `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.dedupInterval` (set individually per URL);
7. Data sent to each `-remoteWrite.url` can be additionally aggregated according to the
   corresponding `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config` (set individually per URL). Please note, it is not recommended
   to use `-streamAggr.config` and `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config` together, unless you understand the complications.

Typical scenarios for data routing with vmagent:

> 1. **Aggregate incoming data and replicate to N destinations**. For this one should configure `-streamAggr.config`
> to aggregate the incoming data before replicating it to all the configured `-remoteWrite.url` destinations.
> 2. **Individually aggregate incoming data for each destination**. For this on should configure `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config`
> for each `-remoteWrite.url` destination. [Relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent#relabeling) 
> via `-remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` can be used for routing only selected metrics to each `-remoteWrite.url` destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Aggregate incoming data and replicate to N destinations**. For this, one should configure `-streamAggr.config`
to aggregate the incoming data before replicating it to all the configured `-remoteWrite.url` destinations.
2. **Individually aggregate incoming data for each destination**. For this, one should configure `-remoteWrite.streamAggr.config`
for each `-remoteWrite.url` destination. [Relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent#relabeling) 
via `-remoteWrite.urlRelabelConfig` can be used for routing only selected metrics to each `-remoteWrite.url` destination.
```

  ```yaml
  - match: process_resident_memory_bytes
    interval: 1m
    drop_input_labels: [replica]
    outputs: [avg]
    keep_metric_names: true
  ```

Typical use case is to drop `replica` label from samples, which are received from high availability replicas.

## Aggregating by labels

All the labels for the input metrics are preserved by default in the output metrics. For example,
the input metric `foo{app="bar",instance="host1"}` results to the output metric `foo:1m_sum_samples{app="bar",instance="host1"}`
when the following [stream aggregation config](./configuration/#configuration-file-reference) is used:

```yaml
- interval: 1m
  outputs: [sum_samples]
```

The input labels can be removed via [`without`](./configuration/#without) list specified in the config. For example, the following config
removes the `instance` label from output metrics by summing input samples across all the instances:

```yaml
- interval: 1m
  without: [instance]
  outputs: [sum_samples]
```

In this case the `foo{app="bar",instance="..."}` input metrics are transformed into `foo:1m_without_instance_sum_samples{app="bar"}`
output metric according to [output metric naming](#output-metric-names).

> It is possible specifying the exact list of labels in the output metrics via [`by`](./configuration/#by) list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify the exact list of labels in the output metrics via [`by`](./configuration/#by) list.
```
